
2 types ofAI:

1. Artificial narrow intelligence: (One specific task)
Today all AI is based on ANI. This model can perform one task only at one time.
E.g: Self driven car, smart speaker, web searching

2. Artificial general intelligence:
One model which can perform several tasks.There is noprogress in it.
They can do anything a human can do and even more.
But it requires a breakthroughs or many decades or hundreds of year.

Learning:
Learning always varies.
Programming:
programming is constant

Machine Learning:
It updates / learns itself without human interaction.It's a big domain.

Supervised Learning:
Supervisor is present in learning.In which we provide data and answer to the model.
We provide all possibilites while providing data to the model.Model extracts features
and keeps with itself.It will adjust its features on wrong answer.So we'll not get 100% accuracy.

Mapping:
How to categorize in right category.E.g of male, female.

Data:
Columns of dataset are features.
Data is often unique to every business.
Acquiring data is difficult.It can be collect manually or by observation.
From also observing behavior of machines.Download from internet, websites.

Use & misuse of Data:
For wg i'll take 3 years to build my IT team, we'll collect data. But it's a wrong approach.
We must have to coordinate with the AI team so that useful data can be collected and AI team can give feedback.
And AI team can make it valuable.
Data is messy due to wrong labelling or missing values.

Machine Learning vs Data Science.
If someone would give data and we'll explore it like name, qualification predictive analysis will be done by machine learning.
Predicting the price of the future by ML.That either he'll get a job or not or predicting future will be done in deep learning.
Machine learning output is software / product and DS output is story.

Searching:
you know what you have to search. 

Mining:
miner dont know what he's searching and will find out which data is useful

Everything will be input in the networks like, size, no of bedroom and it will do something processing and will get the final output.
In neural net we have 2 nodes first is input and second is output.In the middle we don't know anything.


AI Features:

Strategic dta acquisition
you must have system

Unified datawarehouse:
Datacenter is at one place.

Pervasive automation:
You must be eager to automate/ modify your things.


You must have to include ML engineers in your company.

AI Transformation:

1.Do some small project to gain momentum.
2.Make an AI team of your office.It may have one or more than one people.
3.Proivde AI people to the existing people and make AI strategy.
4.Your company members, stakeholder, partners must know that we're now an AI company.

Deciding new project:

1.Is it feasible or not (technically possible or not)
2.Can AI do that?
3.Decided in second of thought with supervised learning.

Repository:
that folder in which you put your code / working folder.
